mashed banana can work magic on cracked
heels
massage one mashed banana onto the skin
and let it sit for about 10 minutes then
wash it away with lukewarm water
toothpaste is effective too if you
prefer eating bananas and not
rubbing them into your feet take a half
a spoon of toothpaste
opt for the classic the gel toothpaste
won't do
apply it right on the heels and leave
overnight
if one procedure doesn't give the
desired result
repeat it it's better to do it three to
four times
to make it work even better mix the
toothpaste with some vitamin e capsules
surprisingly mouthwash works wonders not
only for your teeth and gums
but also for cracked heels mix equal
proportions of your favorite mouthwash
vinegar and water and you'll get a
perfect solution to soak your feet in
wait for 15 minutes and presto your
heels are as good as new
the acids in mouthwash and vinegar will
exfoliate all the dry skin
make sure the mouthwash contains benzoic
acid
it's actually two birds with one stone
since this procedure helps with stinky
feet too
it's all thanks to the antibacterial
effect most mouthwashes have
add a small cup of your favorite
mouthwash next time you do your laundry
to sanitize it
it'll help get rid of germs and will
keep your washing machine clean
it's great for gym clothes too if you
pour some mouthwash into the cleaning
tool of your choice
you can use this liquid as a glass
cleaner it's good for keeping the screen
clean
and it also helps get rid of mold and
dirt
bug bites tend to itch a lot a drop of
toothpaste can calm
almost any sting and even decrease the
swelling if there is some
it also works with blisters and sores
because toothpaste dries them up
apply some toothpaste and leave it
overnight cover the place with some film
or
simply a band-aid to prevent smudging
mouthwash can help with stings too pour
some onto a cotton pad
and apply it to the irritated area
toothpaste can also be used
alternatively too for your fingernails
they have a lot in common with your
teeth apply a small amount of toothpaste
right on the nails
and scrub them with a brush or cloth
it'll make them stronger and glossier
if you soak your fingernails in
mouthwash it might help get rid of
fungus
this method won't work alone but it's a
great additional option soak your nails
in mouthwash twice a day for about 20
minutes
gel based toothpaste can be used instead
of hair gel
put a drop of toothpaste on your hand
rub it between the palms
and style your hair the way you want
wait for the gel to dry
the secret is simple toothpaste gel and
hair gel
contain the same water-soluble polymers
but please
don't brush your teeth with hair gel but
if you do
tell us about it in the comments
if your gel paste has no menthol in it
you can use it to tame your brows too
many makeup artists also use clear soap
to do that
they rub a brush against a soap bar with
a tiny drop of water
and brush through the brows only rain
can ruin this magic
vaseline can be applied to heal cracked
anything
from your heels to nose if you blow your
nose often and it's freezing
outside put a bit of vaseline on it this
substance will protect your nose from
cold
and help it heal faster it also prevents
excessive dryness
vaseline can be used for blisters if a
new pair of shoes has been too
tight apply some vaseline on the
affected area
this solution isn't perfect but it'll
somewhat reduce
possible unpleasant consequences
spread a generous coating of vaseline
along the sides of your face
before dyeing the hair this way the dye
won't stain your forehead
you can easily wipe the petroleum jelly
off when you're done
if there is chewing gum in your hair
vaseline can come to the rescue
all you need to do is generously apply
it on the spot
and kind of slide the gum out of your
hair no worries
vaseline washes off easily foundation
and lipstick stains are usually hard to
remove
luckily they're shaving foam sure it
won't make the stains disappear
instantly
but put a tiny bit of foam right onto
the dirty spot before dropping your
clothes in the washing machine
you aren't going to see the stains again
to make your hair appear thicker put a
bit of eye
shadow on your scalp along the parting
if you're running out of mascara or any
other liquid product kept in a tube
remove the plastic stopper and get more
product from the same package
another trick is to add a few drops of
contact lens solution
if your mascara has dried out
one more unordinary way to use contact
lens solution
is to intensify the eye shadow color if
you put some liquid on your brush or
applicator the color will be brighter
you can also make your own eyeliner just
mix a drop of contact lens solution
and whatever eyeshadow color you like
don't throw away a banana peel after
you're finished with the fruit
it's great for exfoliating and poor
unclogging
the only thing you gotta do is rub the
fleshy side of the peel
directly onto your skin let the residue
sit on the face for about 10 minutes
then wash it away with lukewarm water
chickpea flour is another great
exfoliator mix it with some apple
vinegar and tea tree oil for
antibacterial effect
it's better to use flour scrub instead
of sugar or salt scrubs
because flour can't damage the skin as
for sugar and salt
they can leave small scratches and germs
might get into them
if your hair is naturally fair but you
want to go even lighter
there's no need to bleach it try honey
and cinnamon
honey contains hydrogen peroxide and
cinnamon is great at activating it
you aren't going to turn into a platinum
blot but this mixture can
lighten your hair up to two shades it'll
have that natural golden hue
you get after spending the whole summer
in california
even if you actually live in alaska
if you want to get a richer darker hair
color try out a coffee mask
you can apply freshly brewed strong
coffee directly onto your hair
but let it cool first or you can mix it
with your favorite hair conditioner
coco is good at hair darkening too take
a bottle half filled with shampoo
and add some cocoa beans the product is
going to smell good
and make your hair a shade deeper it's
also super nourishing
and makes the hair look fuller and
glossier
try rinsing your hair with rice water it
works wonders for most people who try it
mix a bowl of water and a bowl of rice
let it sit for 24 hours at room
temperature
refrigerate the mixture until you're
ready to use it or it'll go bad
no need to change your hair washing
schedule just use the rice water after
shampooing and conditioning
focus on the scalp to achieve better
results
waxing can be pricey especially if you
do it in an aesthetic center replace it
with homemade sugar wax
mix one cup of sugar a half cup of water
and three tablespoons of lemon juice
stir the ingredients well and heat them
for about 10 minutes
when the mixture turns brown you can add
one tablespoon of glycerin
if you want to have a hydrating effect
but it's optional
stop heating when the mixture is just a
bit thicker than honey
a lack of vitamin c overexposure to the
sun
dry skin and a lack of sleep lead to
dark circles under your eyes
sure you can cover them with some
concealer but glycerin
rose water and lemon juice remove dark
circles instead of hiding them
mix two tablespoons of glycerin one
tablespoon of rose water
and one more of lemon juice and apply
this stuff
right under your eyes with a cotton pad
massage the under eye area for a couple
of minutes
and leave it overnight wash the mixture
off in the morning
brown sugar and coconut oil can be a
wonderful whitening agent for your
armpits
before taking a shower rub a couple of
drops of coconut oil on the underarm
area
then massage some brown sugar in and
wash everything away
it'll also have a nice exfoliating
effect